there's one science that can help you
read people like an open book and help
them to always agree with you it can
also turn you into the most charismatic
person in the room and help you overcome
shyness it's not magic it's bribery no
wait it's psychology you know people
skills
[Applause]
if someone's trying to interrupt you by
talking loudly over you don't stop keep
speaking the real trick is not to raise
your voice keep it exactly the same as
before the person who tried to interrupt
you will soon feel awkward and fall
silent
[Music]
people tend to rub their chins when
they're trying to make a decision they
might be looking down up to the side or
pretty much anywhere they don't even
know what they're looking at because
they're deep in thought people are
better at remembering what happened at
the beginning and end of the day all the
rest tends to get blurry it's a great
tip when it comes to job interviews
agree to a time that's either at the
start of the work day or at the end of
it it'll make the employer remember you
among all the other candidates when you
feel as if you're being watched start
yawning and make sure everyone around
sees you do it
yawns are super contagious look around
discreetly and check if someone's
yawning too if so now you know who's
been watching you never start your
request with the words could you the
other person will subconsciously assume
it's a theoretical question then the
answer yes can mean yes I fear attic Lee
could but I didn't agree to it could is
polite but it's better to rephrase your
request to please do it whenever you
feel stressed or anxious choose
something chewing will inform your brain
it's safe to relax if you didn't get a
good night's sleep
but tell yourself that you did
scientists from Colorado College found
out that if you genuinely believe that
you're well-rested even if you're not
your brain does function better if you
meet someone to agree with you do a lot
of nodding while you're making your
point it might not work with everyone
but nodding gives the impression you
know what you're talking about and are
passionate about it
it'll make people believe in what you're
saying if a group of people start
arguing go grab some food for them if
you have some at hand eating has a
calming effect and everyone loves a good
snack they subconsciously start to feel
happier and more comfortable that's why
getting them to eat will likely break
the tension
[Music]
if you feel that awkward silence between
you and a person you want to get along
with is stretching for too long
ask them a question about their life
even the shyest and most reserved people
love talking about themselves after that
they'll feel obliged to ask you a
question in return and the conversation
will flow if you like someone's offer in
general but would like to get better
conditions pretend to be a bit
disappointed
this method can work like magic with a
high price or a low salary if you're
always worried about whether or not you
lock the door or turn your iron off try
saying some absurd phrase while doing
these things the phrase should be
different every single day for example
you say Green Rabbit and turn the iron
off the next time you start doubting if
your iron is off you'll remember saying
this weird phrase it'll help calm you
down when you're approaching a group of
chatting co-workers or friends and they
see you coming pay attention to their
feet if you're welcome to join the
circle their torsos and feet will turn
toward you if they turn their bodies
toward you but not their feet they'd
rather you not join in it could also
mean they were gossiping about you
enthusiasm is contagious
that's why if you need people to accept
your idea get as enthusiastic and
excited about it as possible when people
see this kind of attitude most of them
can't help but feel the same if you ever
want someone to feel uncomfortable stare
at the middle of their forehead during
the conversation most people say it
makes them feel as if they're under
scrutiny which of course doesn't exactly
help to relax when you meet someone for
the first time pay attention to their
eye color you don't need to remember it
or anything
but this action will give you the
perfect amount of eye contact it's a
crucial part of any social interaction
and how long it lasts is even more
important not enough and you look under
us twere thee and shifty too much and
it's outright creepy and uncomfortable
if you need a person to do something for
you
ask them to do you a bigger
first after rejecting something more
difficult people are more likely to
accept a more easy looking request which
is exactly what you need if you want
someone in the office or class to like
you just ask them to explain something
to you it doesn't matter if you know the
answer or not this will improve the
other person's overall attitude towards
you and earn you some extra brownie
points when someone's swinging from
their heels to their toes it shows that
a person feels anxious about something
on the other hand if it's not swinging
back and forth but rather bouncing up
and down a person might be feeling
confident do you tend to immediately
forget the names of people who've been
introduced to you here's a trick after
you get to know someone's name use it a
couple of times right away it'll help
you to reinforce the name in your mind
plus the person you're talking to will
take to you immediately people like
hearing their names because it makes
them feel important if a person is
really concentrated on a task you can
extend your hand toward them and get
anything they're holding at the moment
they might not even remember it later on
the trick works the other way around too
you can give a person something as
you're talking to them and they won't
even notice it's amazing how much more
authoritative you'll sound if you say
that your mom or dad told you this or
that information most people respect
their parents and believe their words
wholeheartedly that's why if you say you
heard something from your parents
others will subconsciously take it more
seriously if a person hasn't given a
complete answer to your question or
hasn't agreed with your point of view
yet keep silent after they've finished
talking it's a sure way to make people
proceed if you have to speak in public
don't forget to take a bottle of water
with you you might need it if your
nerves turn your mouth into the Sahara
Desert plus you can take a pause to sip
some water and remember the part of your
speech that slipped your mind the
audience will never know another trick
for those who feel too anxious to speak
in front of a large crowd admit it to
the audience right away it'll lighten
the mood
calm your nerves and make your listeners
feel more sympathetic most of them will
probably relate if you don't feel
comfortable meeting new people trick
your brain into believing you do once
you start acting as if you don't feel
anxious your brain will have nothing to
do but adjust if anxiety is still there
pretend that you know all the people
you're going to meet it'll help you feel
more at ease people like it when you
listen to them attentively a good way to
show that you're paying attention is to
rephrase what they've just said it'll
prove that you understand and care to
make people in your social environment
trust you and Mitch you're unimportant
mistakes to others people will perceive
you as an honest person who isn't afraid
to show their vulnerable side every once
in a while this will eventually work to
your benefit for example people would be
more likely to listen to your opinion in
a dispute if you see someone collecting
imaginary lint this person's likely to
disagree with something they don't want
to voice their opinion aloud and use a
so-called displacement gesture instead
expressing their disagreement in a
hidden way got it good
[Music]